[Music]
My mother asking me about a
video game console you know
but well they've tried they've
tried we have
the clips no
no she told me Paola told me that
now she tells me but I just remembered
that I was going to put in another topic which was about
Julen But I prefer if you want me to
bring you bring me something today what the hell it is that
we haven't even announced it
look today but of the two things I think
Javi that we could have sold we could have
sold expectation and it has completely gone for me yes yes yes yes look I
think we should put the
vaquerizo thing for the zasca who I know
in the end
but done the two interviews that you
bring me are in the same place yes they were at
the presentation of the biopic of Miguel
Bosé so of course that's why you're going to
talk about Miguel Bosé you know but one is so
that people know the daughter of
Paz Padilla
so that people judge and give their opinion and the other is
a little bit Mario vaquerizo which is a little
bit about Miguel Bosé and such and then
what  It's cool it's a little bit really we could
skip the part about Miguel Bosé and go to the
end because it hits a zasca there well one
is two minutes 44 which I think is
Mario Vaquerizo's and another is 421 which I
think is Ana's no the daughter of what is
Padilla's artistic name Ana
Ferrer Padilla Ana Ferrer Padilla Okay
what do you want me to put first about Mario
Yes if you want but Mario won't love me
at all after what happened the other day
yes the second audio that we put about him and on
top of that your Union with the
wonderful people if it's really there you
have the future there United eh we are
United there by the red ribbon I put it
totally Okay and with me and with me
well How are you we are phenomenal an
important day it's that it's very cold
So let's answer Ask whatever you
want no but phenomenal well look
a very special day that Of course
but not only as friends but
also as a fan of one of the
personalities that this country and Panama has given us who
is Miguel Bosé for which
we are grateful and excited  like
Lina Morgan at what moment do you see him now
Miguel Bosé well phenomenal perfect
Miguel has always been good
wonderful night
and we have seen things we have seen
intimate things that Miguel we know that that side
not that intimacy has always observed it Well
look Well if you have decided Miguel to
tell it Who is better than the owner of
his life to say it when he wants how he
wants and at the moment he decides he is the
owner of his life to say what he wants
at any moment do you
think that here because he has always
avoided a little of that of not having
felt valued I don't care how
people treat Miguel I treat
Miguel as he deserves that he is a
true star and he treats me
phenomenally with which Superstar
I think that is nonsense that
all the artists that is not the case of
Miguel who likes to complain a lot is that he does
not recognize me Miguel is
recognized in an entire world he talks
a lot as people usually talk about it we
all have lights and shadows I mean if
a camera does not follow it for 24 hours and
a friend does not edit it they
are all shadows And if a friend has told you  they
are all lights
your life you can separate or not for whatever
things but yes it is good to be
grateful in education it moves
mountains to you too the
headlines
of crisis
or we are used to it
in the subject do you remember that we asked you
said Jorge Javier who said something like
and that well be careful he said I
have the new I have the new theory
of mediaset in
entertainment programs it talks to us about politics
Thank you do you
know the ethical code do you
know the ethical code Look it
is that Jorge had said something the other
day that was being ironic not
something like Well be careful because María
said something to him here Corrandez de Melilla
Well be careful because now Mario
Vaquerizo as if alluding to the
announcement that he made not with those or well
of the community of Madrid and such and I am
going to tell him and he tells me that comment in a
way like a little There sharp with the
subject but come on that you laugh the box
that I am going to tell you
[Music]